annot: Add an egg yolk in mayo
ACTID: 0
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] an egg yolk (-1)
[PP, food, in] mayo (-1)
annot: Shred some cheese in it
ACTID: 1
PRED: shred
[DOBJ, food] some cheese (-1)
[PP, food, in] it (0)
annot: add salt and pepper to it
ACTID: 2
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] salt (-1), pepper (-1)
[PP, food, to] it (1)
annot: Drizzle some oil on top some bread
ACTID: 3
PRED: drizzle
[DOBJ, food] some oil (-1)
[PP, food, on] top of some bread (-1)
annot: heat them in a pan
ACTID: 4
PRED: heat
[DOBJ, food] them (3)
[PP, location, in] a pan (-1)
annot: Flip the bread
ACTID: 5
PRED: flip
[DOBJ, food] the bread (4)
annot: spread some sauce
ACTID: 6
PRED: spread
[DOBJ, food] some sauce (2)
[PP, food, ] (5)
annot: add ham, shredded cheese and more sauce and ham
ACTID: 7
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] ham (-1), shredded cheese (-1), more sauce (2), ham (-1)
[PP, food, ] (6)
annot: Cover it with another piece of bread
ACTID: 8
PRED: cover
[DOBJ, food] it (7)
[PP, food, with] another piece of bread (6)
annot: add more sauce on top
ACTID: 9
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] more sauce (2)
[PP, food, on] top (8)
annot: heat the croque monsieur on the pan with a baking sheet on bottom
ACTID: 10
PRED: heat
[DOBJ, food] the croque monsieur (9)
[PP, location, on] the pan (-1)
[PP, location, with] a baking sheet on bottom (-1)